Do you have a newcomer here?
Yes, I am.
You came to me just to show me this
Of course not.
I came to ask you
Are you interested in joining the Teacher's Heart Association?
Not interested
Our teacher's heart club owns the entire park
The most boundaries and benefits
Aren't you excited?
Not interested
We know Changjiang Road, but the strongest woman in history
Aren't you afraid?
The Strongest in History
That's because I just arrived.
Go back and tell Jiang Lu to come to me in person
But he's really handsome.
I feel more handsome than the president
Bah bah president is always the most handsome
What's wrong with you boss
The Sparrow Gang took Qile away
Say you go to him and he will be beaten
boss
You promised to protect all of us in 316
Is this a test for me?
To dominate
It's not difficult for our people to do it all, is it?
What's more, he was taken away because of you